---
title: AMO EF ID
description: The Adobe Media Optimizer EF ID, used in Adobe Advertising integrations.
feature: Dimensions
exl-id: 129b0235-9b00-4d75-8b02-0443dfdef091
---
# AMO EF ID

The **[!UICONTROL AMO EF ID]** is an ad click identifier used in Adobe Advertising integrations. It is a unique token that Adobe Advertising uses to associate activity with an online click or ad exposure at a visitor level. The dimension is automatically created when enabling the [Analytics for Advertising](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/advertising/integrations/analytics/overview) integration.

## Populate this dimension with data

This dimension collects its values in multiple ways:

* For click-through traffic, data is collected from the `ef_id` query string parameter in the [Page URL](page-url.md), usually on the page through which ad-driven traffic enters the site.
* Click-through traffic can also be captured when the URL does not contain tracking codes, but the Adobe Advertising JavaScript detects a click within the prior two minutes.
* For supported view-through traffic, Adobe Advertising supplements values on the backend using a supplemental ID (`SDID`).

>[!NOTE]
>
>EF IDs are case-sensitive. If your implementation forces URL tracking to lowercase, then Adobe Advertising does not recognize the EF ID.

## Dimension items

Dimension items include ad click identifiers generated by supported advertising networks. The string format depends on the network and channel that generated it.

### Google Ads search ads

```text
{gclid}:G:{s}
```

* **`gclid`**: The Google click ID (GCLID).
* **`s`**: The network type (`"s"` for search).

### Microsoft Advertising search ads

```text
{msclkid}:G:{s}
```

* **`msclkid`**: The Microsoft click ID (MSCLKID).
* **`s`**: The network type (`"s"` for search).

### Display ads and search ads on other search engines

```text
{amovid}:{ts}:{channel}
```

* **`amovid`**: The Adobe Advertising visitor ID, also known as the surfer ID.
* **`ts`**: The timestamp generated by Adobe Advertising.
* **`channel`**: The channel type responsible for the click or exposure:
  * **`d`**: A click on a DSP display ad (display click-through).
  * **`i`**: An impression on a DSP display ad (display view-through).
  * **`s`**: A click on a search ad (search click-through).

### Examples

```text
CjwKCAiAkbbMBhB2EiwANbxtbb9L573Dys0rjTDqcMo3x7tv2yEfh1RGb8exG9N892NoMqAzMBEGmhoCWxwQAvD_BwE:G:s
06207ca63ae6f4fa832197585547393c:20260301111101:i
WcmibgAAAHJK1RyY:1551968087687:d
```
