---
description: Traffic sources reports give you in-depth insight into how visitors interact with your website.
seo-description: Traffic sources reports give you in-depth insight into how visitors interact with your website.
seo-title: Traffic Sources reports
solution: Analytics
title: Traffic Sources reports
topic: Ad hoc analysis
uuid: 246afbdc-9f7b-4956-a44a-b7aad948f392
---

# Traffic Sources reports

Traffic sources reports give you in-depth insight into how visitors interact with your website.

## Traffic Sources reports {#concept_0F1772141E1345C5BCF63BE7C544C0CB}

Traffic sources reports give you in-depth insight into how visitors interact with your website.

Traffic sources reports let you:

* Analyze critical aspects of visitor behavior.
* Monitor and understand traffic patterns.
* Determine popular site content.
* Segment visitors by any measurable criteria.

**Common Persistence**

In [!UICONTROL Traffic Sources], all report values persist and receive credit until they are overwritten or until the visit ends, whichever comes first. Previously, only Keywords and Referring Domains persisted. For example, if a visitor performs a Google search for "DVD," which brings them to your site for a $100 purchase, the report allocates $100 credit to the keyword "DVD" and also to the Google search engine. This functionality is unalterable, regardless of [!DNL Admin Console] settings.

## Search Keywords {#concept_071FDCBD0A3B4242BA00744786D1C59C}

Displays a breakdown of keywords for All, Paid, and Natural searches.

<!-- 

c_reports_search_keyword.xml

 -->

**[!UICONTROL Search Keywords - All]**: Displays a breakdown of each search keyword that has been used to find your site. You can sort this list by page views or search keywords by clicking the column title above the listing. Click the magnifying glass next to a search keyword to see the search results for your site.

**[!UICONTROL Search Keywords - Paid]**: Displays a breakdown of each paid search keyword that is used to find your site. You can sort this list by page views or search keywords by clicking the column title above the listing. Click the magnifying glass next to a search keyword to see the search results for your site.

**[!UICONTROL Search Keywords - Natural]**: Displays a breakdown of each natural search keyword that is used to find your site. You can sort this list by page views or search keywords by clicking the column title above the listing. Click the magnifying glass next to a search keyword to see the search results for your site.

## Search Engines {#concept_351CDE4F5FC44371B6B657064E125134}

Displays which search engines visitors use for All, Paid, and Natural searches.

<!-- 

c_reports_search_engines.xml

 -->

**[!UICONTROL Search Engines - All]**: Displays which search engines that people are using to find your web page. The graph shows you the percentage breakdown of the search engines that are used to find your site.

**[!UICONTROL Search Engines - Paid]**: Displays which paid-keyword search engines that people are using to find your web page. The graph shows you the percentage breakdown of the search engines that are used to find your site.

**[!UICONTROL Search Engines - Natural]**: Displays which natural-keyword search engines people are using to find your web page. The graph shows you the percentage breakdown of the search engines that are used to find your site.

## Referring Domains {#concept_804614DF21C14C9FB542451B30F92788}

<!-- 

c_reports_ref_domains.xml

 -->

Shows the domains that referred the customers that most impacted your site's success metrics. Referrers fall into two main categories: Domains and URLs. Domains refer to the domain name, and appear as the base domain without the query string or subdirectories attached. URLs include the base domain name, as well as any query strings or subdirectories.

## Original Referring Domains {#concept_EB18251DF70343169B46BB59543A579A}

<!-- 

c_reports_original_ref_domains.xml

 -->

Displays the original referrers that produced the customers on your site. Customers can visit your site multiple times, and have a different referrer for each visit. This report shows how they were referred the first time they arrived at your site. This can help you see if they continued to use the same referrer, and view patterns in how customers are referred to your site. You can view the number of visitors generated by an original referrer or find out how much revenue each original referrer was responsible for producing. Referrer reports can be populated each time a visitor comes to your site, even if the visitor comes to the site multiple times during a session (before the visit expires.) 

## Referrers {#concept_40CF9C2D10B94E82819BC65A232F05C3}

Displays the domain or URL where your visitors came from before they arrived at your site, the methods visitors use to find your website, and the number of visits to your site that came from these referring locations.

<!-- 

c_reports_referrers.xml

 -->

For example, if a visitor clicks a link from Site A and arrives at your site, Site A is the referrer if it is not defined as part of your domain. During marketing reports and analytics implementation, your implementation consultant can help you to define the domains and URLs that are part of your website. (This change can be done after implementation.)

Domains or URLs that are not part of those defined domains and URLs are considered referrers. For example, web page A and web page B are added to the internal URL filter, but web page C is not. In this case, web page C is considered a referrer.

See [Internal URL Filters](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/internal_URL_filter_admin.html) in the [!DNL Admin Console] help for more information.

> [!NOTE] Marketing reports and analytics records a referring domain as an email when visitors click an emailed message link containing the protocol [!DNL imap://] or [!DNL mail://] and arrive at your site. For example, anything coming from [!DNL https://mail.yahoo.com] is not counted as an email referrer because the protocol is [!DNL https://]. Emails from Outlook are reported in the Typed/Bookmarked line, while any referrer with an HTTP protocol where the domain is a known search engine is reported in the Search Engine line.

## Referrer Type {#concept_689E42D8F96C450DA41C7167C7388198}

By tracking and recording the visitors' referring sites for each visit, you can determine how visitors found out about your site for each visit.

<!-- 

c_reports_ref_types.xml

 -->

The list below defines the various types of referrers:

* *Other website referrers* are recorded when visitors click a link located on a page on another website (not defined as part of your site) and arrive at your website.
* *Search engine* referrers are recorded when visitors use a search engine to access your site.
* *Typed/Bookmarked* referrers are recorded

    * If a visitor enters your site via a non-browser link (for example, in an email).
    * If a visitor types your site's URL directly into their browser.
    * If a visitor clicks an HTML link on his or her personal hard drive.
    * If a visitor accesses your site by selecting browser bookmarks.

**Definitions**

The following line items might display when running this report:

**Inside Your Site**: These items are URLs that are tagged by the internal URL filters. These items are not counted as referrer instances but can be seen when reporting on other metrics.

**No Java Script**: There was no JavaScript so the type was unidentifiable (unknown). This means that there was no referrer information provided by a client on a browser, which does not report being able to support Javascript. These are not counted as "referrer instances" but can be seen when reporting other metrics.

**USENET (newsgroup)**: This means that the URL of a referrer started with `news://`. As such, the referrer link was posted on a Usenet newsgroup rather than a web page.

> [!NOTE] Referrer Type logic matches other traffic sources reports (such as [!UICONTROL Referrers] and [!UICONTROL Referring Domains]). This should reduce or eliminate the occurrences of the Inside Your Site and No JavaScript line items in the [!UICONTROL Referrer Type] report.

