---
description: null
seo-description: null
seo-title: Third-party licenses
solution: Analytics
title: Third-party licenses
topic: Data workbench
uuid: 232b861f-efa5-4b3b-8ae9-46793e96800c
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
---

# Third-party licenses

Apache Xerces: This product includes software developed by the Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/). Copyright (c) 2002 The Apache Software Foundation, all rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must include the following acknowledgment: “This product includes software developed by the Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).” Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear. 4. The names “Xerces” and “Apache Software Foundation” must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache @apache.org. 5. Products derived from this software may not be called “Apache”, nor may “Apache” appear in their name, without prior written permission of the Apache Software Foundation. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

OpenSSL Toolkit: This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/). Copyright (c) 1998-2002 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgment: “This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/).” 4. The names “OpenSSL Toolkit” and “OpenSSL Project” must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org 5. Products derived from this software may not be called “OpenSSL” nor may “OpenSSL” appear in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project. 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: “This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/).” THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights reserved. This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscape’s SSL. This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are adhered to. The following conditions apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used. This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: “This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)” The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the routines from the library being used are not cryptographic related. 4. This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Liblzf: This software uses, in a modified form, the LZF compression library. Copyright (c) 2000 Marc Alexander Lehmann pcg@goof.com. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

PCRE: Copyright (c) 1997-2001 University of Cambridge. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on any computer system, and to redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: 1. This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by explicit claim or by omission. In practice, this means that if you use PCRE in software which you distribute to others, commercially or otherwise, you must put a sentence like this “Regular expression support is provided by the PCRE library package, which is open source software, written by Philip Hazel, and copyright by the University of Cambridge, England.” Somewhere reasonably visible in your documentation and in any relevant files or online help data or similar. A reference to the ftp site for the source, that is, to ftp://ftp.csx.cam.ac.uk/pub/software/programming/pcre/ should also be given in the documentation. 3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

Truerand: Truerand is based on code by D. P. Mitchell. Truerand was modified by Matt Blaze 7/95, 11/96. Truerand is Version 2.1. This is completely unsupported software. The authors of this software are Don Mitchell and Matt Blaze. Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 by AT&T. Permission to use, copy, and modify this software without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting documentation for such software. This software may be subject to United States export controls. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHORS NOR AT&T MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

libJPEG: The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied, with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. This software is provided “AS IS”, and you, its user, assume the entire risk as to its quality and accuracy. This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane. All Rights Reserved except as specified below. Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these conditions: (1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation. (2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying documentation must state that “this software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group”. (3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind. These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG code, not just to the unmodified library. If you use our work, you ought to acknowledge us. Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company name in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products derived from it. This software may be referred to only as “the Independent JPEG Group's software”. We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are assumed by the product vendor.

libtiff 3.5.7: Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler. Copyright (c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc. Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that: (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Bzip: This program, “bzip2” and associated library “libbzip2”, are copyright (C) 1996-2002 Julian R Seward. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. 3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. 4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Julian Seward, Cambridge, UK. jseward@acm.org. bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0.2 of 30 December 2001

Libpng: COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: Libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000, through 1.2.3, May 21, 2002, are Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6 with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors, Simon-Pierre Cadieux, Eric S. Raymond and Gilles Vollant. There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the library or against infringement. There is no warranty that our efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs. This library is provided with all faults, and the entire risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with the user. Libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are Copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Glenn Randers-Pehrson. Libpng is distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96, with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors: Tom Lane, Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and Willem van Schaik. Libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger Distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88, with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors: John Bowler, Kevin Bracey, Sam Bushell, Magnus Holmgren, Greg Roelofs, and Tom Tanner. Libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc. For the purposes of this copyright and license, “Contributing Authors” is defined as the following set of individuals: Andreas Dilger, Dave Martindale, Guy Eric Schalnat, Paul Schmidt and Tim Wegner. The PNG Reference Library is supplied “AS IS”. The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose. The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this source code or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject to the following restrictions: 1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented. 2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented as being the original source. 3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any source or altered source distribution. The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to supporting the PNG file format in commercial products. If you use this source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be appreciated.

STLPort: Boris Fomitchev grants End User a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license to use STLport and its documentation without fee. By downloading, using, or copying STLport or any portion thereof, End User agrees to abide by the intellectual property laws and all other applicable laws of the United States of America, and to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. End User shall maintain the following copyright and permission notices on STLport sources and its documentation unchanged: Copyright 1999, 2000 Boris Fomitchev. This material is provided “as is”, with absolutely no warranty expressed or implied. Any use is at your own risk. Permission to use or copy this software for any purpose is hereby granted without fee provided the above notices are retained on all copies. Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted, provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was modified is included with the above copyright notice. The End User may distribute binaries compiled with STLport (whether original or modified) without any royalties or restrictions. The End User may distribute original or modified STLport sources, provided that: The conditions indicated in the above permission notice are met; The following copyright notices are retained when present, and conditions provided in accompanying permission notices are met: Copyright 1994 Hewlett-Packard Company; Copyright 1996,97 Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.; Copyright 1997 Moscow Center for SPARC Technology; Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided “as is” without express or implied warranty. Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. Silicon Graphics makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided “as is” without express or implied warranty. Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. Moscow Center for SPARC Technology makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided “as is” without express or implied warranty.

Zlib: (c) 1995-2002 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler. This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

GDAL Library: (c) 2000 Frank Warmerdam. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

NetRatings, Inc.: Adobe Systems, Inc., grants End User a limited, non-exclusive sublicense under the “NetRatings Patents” solely for the use by End User of the licensed Software Applications. End User expressly acknowledges and agrees that the sublicense granted under this Agreement does not permit the End User to aggregate “Video Stream Data” (as defined below) from multiple sources for resale or distribution to third parties. “Video Stream Data” is defined as audience measurement data relating to the exposure to, or viewership of, video streams (including, without limitation, television and/or IPTV content, sports content, news content, movies and commercials). For purposes of this license, “NetRatings Patents” shall mean the following Patent/Publication Numbers: US Patents - 5,675,510; 6,115,680; 6,108,637; US20040078292; 5,796,952; 6,138,155; 6,643,696; 6,763,386; US 20050114511; and US 20040221033; Australia: AU701813; AU735285; and AU727170; Brazil - BR9609217 and BR9808033; Canada - CA2223919; CA2246746; and CA2284530; EP - EP0843946; EP0870234; EP1130526; EP1168196; and EP1010116; Japan - JP03317705 and JP2000514942; Mexico - MX193614; Norway - NO09705728; WO - WO9641495; WO9810349; and WO9843380; China - CN1174316; CN1547123; CN1547124; CN1209891; and CN1251669; Denmark - DK870234; Germany - DE69720186; Spain ES2195170; Israel - IL131871; Korea - KR341110; and New Zealand - NZ337756.

HTML Snapshot: Effective this 14 day of January, 2005, Guangming Software, an entity formed and located in the People's Republic of China ("Licensor") grants the following rights and licenses to Adobe Systems, Inc. f/k/a Adobe Systems, Inc. ("Adobe"): Licensor, as the sole owner of the rights and title to the source code of "HTML Snapshot," hereby grants Adobe a perpetual royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use the source code and object code of Licensor's "HTML Snapshot" software product. Licensor grants Adobe the right to use the licensed source code of "HTML Snapshot": (1) to create derivative works thereof and therefrom and to modify it as needed; (2) in combination with Adobe' other proprietary source code; and (3) to redistribute, sub-license or otherwise make available to, or permit the use of, such licensed source code and object code to those third parties which license Adobe proprietary software applications. Licensor grants no other rights in the source code of "HTML Snapshot" except the rights expressly granted hereunder. Licensor retains all rights, title and ownership of the source code of "HTML Snapshot." Licensor authorizes Adobe to deposit the source code of "HTML Snapshot" with an independent third party software escrow agent along with the source code of its own proprietary software applications upon the request of Adobe' customers who have licensed its proprietary software applications. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the source code of "HTML Snapshot" by such independent third party escrow agent is released to a licensee of Adobe, such third party customer shall be contractually restricted from using the source code of "HTML Snapshot" for the purposes of creating any derivative works therefrom or from distributing such source code to any third parties. Licensor prohibits Adobe from using the licensed source code of "HTML Snapshot" to release a product that is competitive with "HTML Snapshot." Licensor is providing the source code license of "HTML Snapshot" "AS IS." LICENSOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. ADOBE USE OF THE SOURCE CODE LICENSE OF "HTML SNAPSHOT" SHALL BE AT ITS OWN RISK. LICENSOR AND ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR LOSS OF DATA, DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANY OTHER KIND OF LOSS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ADOBE USE OF THE SOURCE CODE LICENSE OF "HTML SNAPSHOT."

MD5: Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2002 Aladdin Enterprises. All rights reserved. This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

StdString: COPYRIGHT: 1999 Joseph M. O'Leary. This code is free. Use it anywhere you want. Rewrite it, restructure it, whatever. Please don't blame me if it makes your $30 billion dollar satellite explode in orbit. If you redistribute it in any form, I'd appreciate it if you would leave this notice here. 
