---
title: Exclude By IP Address
description: Prevent data generated by certain IP addresses from appearing in reports.
exl-id: 315a3000-f043-434b-a677-d111aeed7971
---
# Exclude By IP Address

You can exclude data from specific IP addresses, such as internal website activities, site testing and employee usage, from your reports. Excluding data improves report accuracy by excluding IP address data. Additionally, you can remove data from denial of service or other malicious events that can skew report data. You can configure exclusion or by using your firewall.

**[!UICONTROL Analytics]** > **[!UICONTROL Admin]** > **[!UICONTROL All admin]** > **[!UICONTROL Exclude by IP]**

>[!NOTE]
>
>Hits excluded by IP address are billed as [server calls](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/ analytics/technotes/terms.html).

You can use wildcard indicators (&#42;) to exclude a range of addresses. For example, `[!DNL 0.0.*.0]` would exclude all IP addresses between `[!DNL 0.0.0.0]` and `[!DNL 0.0.255.0]`. You can exclude up to 50 different IP addresses.

>[!TIP]
>
>Private IP addresses do not need to be excluded. Only external IP addresses reach Adobe data collection servers. Private addresses include `10.*.*.*`, `192.168.*.*`, `172.[16-31].*.*`, and `169.254.*.*`.

## Impact of IP Obfuscation {#section_51B7529FFF16449CA016FDC51D87E2CA}

If IP obfuscation is enabled, IP exclusion happens before the IP address is obfuscated, so customers don''t need to change anything when they enable IP obfuscation.

If the last octet is removed, that is done before IP filtering. As such, the last octet is replaced with a 0, and IP exclusion rules should be updated to match IP addresses with a zero on the end. Matching &#42; should match 0.
