---
title: Exclude by IP address
description: Prevent data generated by certain IP addresses from appearing in reports.
exl-id: 315a3000-f043-434b-a677-d111aeed7971
feature: Admin Tools
role: Admin
---
# Exclude by IP address

You can exclude data from specific IP addresses, such as internal website activities, site testing and employee usage, from your reports. Excluding data improves report accuracy by excluding IP address data. Additionally, you can remove data from denial of service or other malicious events that can skew report data. 

To exclude data by IP address, you can configure exclusions as described below, or you can [configure your firewall](/help/technotes/ip-addresses.md).

## Configure exclusions by IP address

>[!NOTE]
>
>When configuring exclusions by IP address, consider the following:
>
>* Hits excluded by IP address are billed as [server calls](/help/technotes/terms.md).
>* Private IP addresses do not need to be excluded. Only external IP addresses reach Adobe data collection servers. Private addresses include `10.*.*.*`, `192.168.*.*`, `172.[16-31].*.*`, and `169.254.*.*`.
>* You can use wildcard indicators (&#42;) to exclude a range of addresses. For example, `[!DNL 0.0.*.0]` would exclude all IP addresses between `[!DNL 0.0.0.0]` and `[!DNL 0.0.255.0]`. You can exclude up to 50 different IP addresses.
>* Data from an excluded IP address is excluded for any new hits coming into the system within 5 minutes of the exclusion being set. 
>* Data for hits captured prior to the time when changes were made to the IP address is not affected. IP exclusion only applies to data moving forward.
>* Excluded hits are still visible in [Data feeds](/help/export/analytics-data-feed/data-feed-overview.md) (flagged as `exclude_hit = 4`).

To configure exclusions by IP address:

1. In Adobe Analytics, select **[!UICONTROL Admin]** > **[!UICONTROL All admin]**.

1. On the Admin page, select **[!UICONTROL Exclude by IP]**.

## Impact of using IP obfuscation with IP exclusion

The impact of using [IP obfuscation](/help/admin/tools/manage-rs/edit-settings/general/general-acct-settings-admin.md) along with IP exclusion depends on each report suite's IP obfuscation setting:

* **IP obfuscation (last octet)**: IP is partially obfuscated BEFORE IP exclusion runs. Ensure IP exclusion rules always expect a `0` as the last octet (wildcards are valid since they include `0`).
* **IP obfuscation (remove IP)**: IP is fully obfuscated AFTER IP exclusion runs. No IP exclusion rule accommodations are necessary.
