---
title: trackingServer
description: Determine the location image requests are sent.
feature: Appmeasurement Implementation
exl-id: bcc23286-4dd5-45ac-ac6f-7b60e95cb798
role: Admin, Developer
---
# trackingServer

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>This variable is deprecated. With the prevalence of secure protocol online, use [`trackingServerSecure`](trackingserversecure.md) instead.

Adobe collects data on your site by receiving an image request generated by the visitor. The `trackingServer` variable determines the location an image request is sent when on insecure pages. If this variable is defined incorrectly on insecure pages, image requests don't reach Adobe's servers, causing data loss.

Prior to the [Adobe Experience Cloud Identity Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/id-service/using/home), this variable also determined where third-party cookies were set. Adobe strongly recommends using the ID service to identify visitors where possible.

## Edge domain using the Web SDK extension

The Web SDK uses [!UICONTROL Edge domain] to handle both Tracking Server and Secure Tracking Server. You can set the desired [!UICONTROL Edge domain] value when configuring the Web SDK extension.

1. Log in to [Adobe Experience Platform Data Collection](https://experience.adobe.com/data-collection) using your AdobeID credentials.
1. Click the desired tag property.
1. Go to the [!UICONTROL Extensions] tab, then click the **[!UICONTROL Configure]** button under [!UICONTROL Adobe Experience Platform Web SDK].
1. Set the desired **[!UICONTROL Edge domain]** text field.

See [Configure the Adobe Experience Platform Web SDK extension](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-platform/edge/extension/web-sdk-extension-configuration.html) in the Web SDK documentation for more information.

>[!TIP]
>
>If your organization moves to the Web SDK from an AppMeasurement or Analytics extension implementation, this field can use the same value contained in `trackingServerSecure` (or `trackingServer`).

## Edge domain manually implementing the Web SDK

Configure the SDK using [`edgeDomain`](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-platform/edge/fundamentals/configuring-the-sdk.html). The field is a string that determines the domain to send data to.

```json
alloy("configure", {
  "edgeDomain": "data.example.com"
});
```

## Tracking Server using the Adobe Analytics extension

Tracking Server is a field under the [!UICONTROL General] accordion when configuring the Adobe Analytics extension.

1. Log in to [Adobe Experience Platform Data Collection](https://experience.adobe.com/data-collection) using your AdobeID credentials.
2. Click the desired tag property.
3. Go to the [!UICONTROL Extensions] tab, then click the **[!UICONTROL Configure]** button under Adobe Analytics.
4. Expand the [!UICONTROL General] accordion, which reveals the [!UICONTROL Tracking Server] field.

If this field is left blank, it defaults to `[rsid].data.adobedc.net`.

## s.trackingServer in AppMeasurement and the Analytics extension custom code editor

The `s.trackingServer` variable is a string that contains the location to send data.

## Considerations setting this value in different scenarios

The importance of this variable depends on several factors:

* If you use the [Adobe Experience Cloud Identity Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/id-service/using/home):
  * Manual AppMeasurement implementations must use `VisitorAPI.js` and call `getInstance`. See [Implement the Experience Cloud Identity Service for Analytics](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/id-service/using/implementation/setup-analytics) for more information.
  * Implementations using the Adobe Analytics tag extension must add the [Adobe Experience Cloud ID service tag extension](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-platform/tags/extensions/client/id-service/overview). Once added, no additional configuration is required.
  * Implementations using any form of the Web SDK (`alloy.js` or the Web SDK tag extension) already has the ID service baked in natively. No configuration is required beyond setting the `edgeDomain` value to  

If your organization does not participate in the [Adobe-managed certificate program](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/core-services/interface/data-collection/adobe-managed-cert), you can pick a subdomain of `data.adobedc.net` that you anticipate is unique to your organization. Make sure that all implementations in your organization use the same tracking server. It can be helpful to maintain this information in a [solution design document](../../prepare/solution-design.md).

Older implementations might have tracking server values like `sc.omtrdc.net` or `2o7.net`. These were primarily used in previous versions of Adobe Analytics and are still valid.

## Considerations when participating in the Adobe-managed certificate program



>[!NOTE]
>
>Do not use any subdomains deeper than `example.data.adobedc.net`. For example, `custom.example.data.adobedc.net` is not a valid tracking server.

## Considerations when using the Adobe Experience Cloud Identity Service

If your implementation uses the [Adobe Experience Platform Identity Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-platform/identity/home), then you can set this variable to any subdomain of `data.adobedc.net` without any further consideration. Each common implementation type offers a way to implement the ID service:

* All AppMeasurement versions come bundled with `VisitorAPI.js`. Make sure that you 



You can choose to use Adobe's tracking server domains (e.g. `adobedc.net`) or you can go through a special process to setup a tracking server that matches your sites domain (for example, `data.example.com`), also known as a CNAME implementation. Having a trackingserver that matches your site domain may have some benefits depending on other aspects of your implementation. When the tracking server does not match the domain of the current page, cookies set by AppMeasurement must be set as third-party. If the browser does not support third party cookies, this mismatch can interfere with certain Analytics functionality:

- Setting identifiers: If you are using Experience Cloud Identity Service the tracking server has no impact on how cookies are set. However if you are using Analytics legacy identifiers (aka the `s_vi` cookie) and the collection server does not match the current domain, then cookies must be set as third party. In this case, if third-party cookies are blocked by the browser, Analytics sets a first-party fallback id (`s_fid`) instead of the standard `s_vi` cookie. 
- Link tracking will not work for internal links.
- Activity Map will not work for internal links.
- Cookie check.

### First-party cookies

If you use a first-party cookie implementation, it is likely that someone in your organization has already completed the first-party cookie process. See [First-party cookies in the Experience Cloud](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/core-services/interface/ec-cookies/cookies-first-party.html) in the Core Services user guide for more information on the first-party cookie process.

The individual who initially configures the first-party cookie implementation also defines the domain and subdomain used. For example:

```js
s.trackingServer = "data.example.com";
```

### Third-party tracking server

>[!TIP]
>
>Increasing privacy practices in modern browsers make third-party cookies less reliable. Adobe recommends following the first-party cookie workflow.

If you use a third-party cookie implementation, the value for `trackingServer` is a subdomain of `data.adobedc.net`. For example:

```js
s.trackingServer = "example.data.adobedc.net";
```


