---
title: trackingServerSecure
description: Determine the location image requests are sent on HTTPS pages.
feature: Variables
exl-id: d5b112f9-f3f6-43ac-8ee5-d9ad8062e380
---
# trackingServerSecure

Adobe collects data on your site by receiving an image request generated by the visitor. The `trackingServerSecure` variable determines the location an image request is sent over HTTPS. It also determines the location visitor cookies are stored. If this variable is not defined correctly, your implementation can experience data loss.

>[!WARNING]
>
>Changing this value makes AppMeasurement look for cookies in a different location. Unique visitor count can temporarily spike in reporting as visitor cookies are set in the new location.

## Edge domain using the Web SDK extension

The Web SDK uses [!UICONTROL Edge domain] to handle both Tracking Server and Secure Tracking Server. You can set the desired [!UICONTROL Edge domain] value when configuring the Web SDK extension.

1. Log in to [Adobe Experience Platform Data Collection](https://experience.adobe.com/data-collection) using your AdobeID credentials.
1. Click the desired tag property.
1. Go to the [!UICONTROL Extensions] tab, then click the **[!UICONTROL Configure]** button under [!UICONTROL Adobe Experience Platform Web SDK].
1. Set the desired **[!UICONTROL Edge domain]** text field.

See [Configure the Adobe Experience Platform Web SDK extension](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-platform/edge/extension/web-sdk-extension-configuration.html) in the Web SDK documentation for more information.

>[!TIP]
>
>If your organization moves to the Web SDK from an AppMeasurement or Analytics extension implementation, this field can use the same value contained in `trackingServerSecure` (or `trackingServer`).

## Edge domain manually implementing the Web SDK

Configure the SDK using [`edgeDomain`](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-platform/edge/fundamentals/configuring-the-sdk.html). The field is a string that determines the domain to send data to.

```json
alloy("configure", {
  "edgeDomain": "data.example.com"
});
```

## SSL Tracking Server using the Adobe Analytics extension

[!UICONTROL SSL Tracking Server] is a field under the [!UICONTROL General] accordion when configuring the Adobe Analytics extension.

1. Log in to [Adobe Experience Platform Data Collection](https://experience.adobe.com/data-collection) using your AdobeID credentials.
2. Click the desired tag property.
3. Go to the [!UICONTROL Extensions] tab, then click the **[!UICONTROL Configure]** button under Adobe Analytics.
4. Expand the [!UICONTROL General] accordion, which reveals the [!UICONTROL SSL Tracking Server] field.

If this field is left blank, it defaults to the value in the [`trackingServer`](trackingserver.md) variable.

## s.trackingServerSecure in AppMeasurement and the Analytics extension custom code editor

The `s.trackingServerSecure` variable is a string that contains the location to send image requests. It is almost always a subdomain of your site. Modern privacy practices in browsers commonly make third-party cookies unreliable. If this variable is blank, it uses the value in the `s.trackingServer` variable.

The value for this variable is almost always a first-party domain, such as `data.example.com`. See [First-party cookies in the Experience Cloud](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/core-services/interface/ec-cookies/cookies-first-party.html) in the Core Services user guide for more information on the first-party cookie process.

The individual who initially configures the first-party cookie implementation also defines the domain and subdomain used. For example:

```js
s.trackingServerSecure = "data.example.com";
```

CNAME records usually point to a subdomain on `data.adobedc.net`, `sc.adobedc.net` or `2o7.net`.
